Milestone #1 - Design Diary

	A struggle I had with this programming assignment was finding the time to sit down and work on it 
a significant time before the deadline. Additional struggles include feeling unsure of whether or
not it was okay that my game looked different in terms of sizing. After talking to a few classmates,
I learned that they just adjusted the scale to their specific screen. A specific examples of this
was when I started the project and had a different canvas size than the tutorial. I tried matching
the tutorial's canvas settings but couldn't change the default setting of my canvas. When I tried
unchecking the box next to the Canvas tab, I was able to adjust the size the canvas, but it reverted
back to the default when I rechecked the box. My changes weren't saved. After struggling with that a bit,
I stuck with the default and continued the tutorial.
	Although following a tutorial seems straightforward, it'll be good for me to remember that it's 
important to not only follow each step and understand why that step was made, but to learn how to adjust 
details to suit my specific needs as well. I encountered multiple bugs because I forgot to drag some assets
or declare things. A factor that contributed to having bugs in my case, was trying to rush the material 
before the deadline. I wanted to finish as quickly as possible in the small time I gave myself and 
missed details of the tutorials. This is something I should fix and improve because I'm new to Unity and
giving myself ample time to finish the milestone will help me make less mistakes and remember how to do
things in Unity better. Building a stronger foundation in these beginning stages will make building on
these basic concepts easier to do for future projects.
	To ease completing milestones in the future, I want to plan out chunks of time throughout the week
(ideally every day) to work on each project. I could work on a good chunk of the project with tutorials,
stop if I feel frustrated or got stuck, ask for help, and have enough time to fine tune parts of my project
because I would have finished early.